yeah the one that's coming forward
Duncan watch it what to get our chutney
I think we've got this female here the
lead female is too dangerous
Sean is forced to sedate her okay she's
gone down she's up again feeling rather
woozy number one mum leads the head into
the pegs once inside the crush Sean
discovers one of the mums isn't
producing any make
splits the babies he's forced to make a
difficult decision three adult females
one of the females dry now it's too much
a risk for us to actually put a baby in
the group and hope that it'll suckle so
we've made a decision now to take all
three babies away from the screw there's
a Jersey card on me right now which has
raised Buffalo before and then hopefully
it'll raise these three Daisy lives at
printers hook the milk from a Jersey cow
is extremely rich perfect for Buffalo
babies
I am daisies an old hand but this time
she's got tricks this is their standard
stand stand stand in the dance okay
loosen blindfold bring it up to the door
no but flick off is chasing the Jersey
color huh
lamp on door phonetic Oh
what is this the female of female port
eat someone stand in the corner yeah can
we put three baby Buffalo yeah so what
we've done is we've taken them up we've
got them with a Jersey here the jerseys
make extremely good so good Mother's
she's a bit overwhelmed all three babies
instead of one so but give them a day
and they'll be happy really happy
you